# Assets

All game assets (GameObjects, sprites, audio, etc) are stored in assetbundles (files ending in .bundle)
in the assets directory, which is named StreamingAssets/aa/Standalone??, where the ?? represents the
operating system. Commonly you want to spawn base game assets in a scene that is not where they are
supposed to be. There are three general types of game asset you might like to spawn while in game, with varying
degrees of difficulty in how to spawn them. I will call them as follows:

1. Global assets

2. Assetbundle assets

3. Scene assets

The first type represents assets which are easily reachable at any time while in-game. Examples of this include
things like Rosaries, Shell Shards, Shiny Items etc which are available as static properties
on the GlobalSettings.Gameplay class, or CollectableItem items which are available from the CollectableItemManager.
There is no need to use a library to access these objects as they are all easily accessible with base game code.

The second type represents assets which are contained in asset bundles that are not in the scenes_scenes_scenes
subdirectory. This typically covers assets which are spawned by other objects (such as corpses, projectiles or
explosions).
This makes them easy to access while in game, because Unity needs to load them in multiple scenes so we are
able to do the same.
Notably all "Global assets" fit into this category, but they're easier to get through other methods so we
consider them as separate.

See <xref:assetbundleassets> for info on loading assetbundle assets. A list of all assets loadable
in this way can be generated by calling @"Silksong.AssetHelper.Dev.DebugTools.DumpAllAssetNames".

The third type repesents assets which are contained in asset bundles that are in the scenes_scenes_scenes
subdirectory. This covers assets which appear in specific scenes when entering (rather than being spawned);
this covers most assets. Unity only needs these assets when entering the scene, so it is difficult to
get access to them without loading the whole scene (and this is slow).
